Extend IObjectInfo with info about DeclaringType (#1950)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

## Unreleased

### What's new

> * Adds a `ParentType` to `IObjectInfo` to help determining the parent in a call to `Using`/`When` constructs - [#2000](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a `ParentType` to `IObjectInfo` to help determining the parent in a call to `Using`/`When` constructs - [#1950](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1950)
```
